quartus files:
	.bdf: block design file, represents a block
	.bsf: symbol file created by symbol editor, represents a symbol which can be
		macrofunction, primitive, megafunction, or design file
	.lmf: library mapping files collection of symbols
	.mif: ASCII text file containing initial contents of memory block (RAM, ROM, CAM),
		initial values for each address
	.ipx: file index for available IP cores, allow faster searching, specifies
		relative path to IP cores
	.sof: bitstream file
	.qsf: settings file, contains things like pin assignments
	.qpf: project file
	.qif: file that describes an IP core generated by the wizard, if included,
		quartus will automatically include the other files needed by the IP
	.qws: autogenerated file that is non-editable and stores user preferences and other 
		information such as the position of the windows, 
		the open files and their positions in the windows, 
		and the windows information, such as docking status.
	.pin: file that describes all the pin names, routing, voltage level,
		user assignments, and more
	.qsys: qsystem design file, qsys is a system tester, allowing one
		to specify a system to test a component
	.rpt: ascii version of the report window.
	.sdc: file specifying design and timing constraints, can be used by the
		timequest timing analyzer.
	.srec: Motorola SREC file format, it is like the HEX format where it describes
		a binary stream to be downloaded to the board

monitor program: A program made for university students, its an IDE like program that
	allows compilation/loading of assembly and C code onto the board running a NIOS 2 or
	ARM core processor.
	.amp: project files

quartus_pgm: program that uploads .sof file to the board
	example: quartus_pgm -m jtag -c USB-Blaster[USB-0] -o "p;bitstream.sof"

nios: altera soft core CPU, resembles something like a MIPS processor.

bitstream:
	2 ways to program bitstream, active serial (AS) mode or JTAG.
	The board usually has a switch (RUN/PROG) mode to enable JTAG or AS respectively.
	The JTAG method is temporary and it loses the programmer upon reset, the AS method
	is for permanent storage of the bitstream.
	
active serial mode (AS mode):
	Support 1 bit (EPCS) or 4 bit (EPCQ) data width
	FPGA device acts as configuration master while the EPCS/EPCQ as a slave.
	FPGA will output clock on DCLK pin while recieving data from data pin.

IP catalog: This used to be called megawizard, generate IP cores.

QSYS: Replacement of the SOPC builder tool, allows one to add in high level
	cores and wire them together.

